I committed code on Github for 62 days, I wanted to go for 75 days but it didn't happen & I was close
-Elaborate on these
-Some things I learned and did during the coding streak:

-Began Hacktoberfest contribution on a Github user's repository
  I had not contributed to Hacktoberfest until October 2017. I recall the event and legitimately I
  had already met the requirements of getting a Hactobkerfest t-shirt by a long shot but I wanted to
  actually use my skills and make a contribution.  I found a few Hacktoberfest projects on the site
  and picked one that I believed I could contribute open-source code on.  This was a great new branch
  of coding I had done and broke up the daily learning I had done during the time.  Instead of learning
  I was using what I learned to contribute in the programming community.

-Made my own project for Hacktoberfest for beginners to contribute to
  In the month of Octoberfest, Github and Digital Ocean sponsor a month long coding, contributing,
  programming event to get people involved in open source.  I was inspired and decided to create
  a small project where newer coders can fork, clone and contribute a profile of themselves and a
  'Hello World' script in their favorite language.  This was great for me because I was also able to
  learn simple Github tasks of how to merge pull requests, write notes to other programmers and use
  tags.

-Began Codewars challenges more, mainly with building JavaScript algorithms
  During this coding streak I began partnering with a couple of students on the same level of
  programming as myself and I began attending Learn-hosted study groups to problem-solve Codewars
  katas.  I had been notified of Codewars many times but I never took the time to look it over and
  actually engage in the katas to practice and test my knowledge.  I finally began doing Codewars
  katas with the suggestion of an instructor who I deem a spectacular programmer.  If they suggested
  sharpening my skills with Codewars then that is what I was going to do.  I still work on katas and
  try to attend the weekly study groups for Codewars challenges but it's not as consistent as I'd
  like it to be.  Maybe that will be my next challenge.

-I passed my 4th Learn assessment
  Passing my 4th Learn assessment on Javascript with Rails associated was a huge milestone for me.
  In the former meetings I only passed 1 of my 4 assessments on one try.  The other 3 I had to go
  back and work on a few parts and re-learn a few topics.  This was the case with my 4th assessment.
  Although, this one was possibly the worst of them.  I flew by the learning of JavaScript and barely
  grasped the concepts and information that was in front of me.  Because I took on the project with
  half the confidence, I failed my 4th assessment and was essentially asked to re-learn the
  fundamentals of Javascript alongside solving Codewars katas.  I rescheduled my 2nd attempt at
  reviewing and being tested on my 4th assessment and finally passed with twice the comprehension
  after re-learning JavaScript basics.  I had greater assurance of what I was asked to do and how to
  explain what I was doing.  I continue to tell myself that I need to understand what I am learning,
  that I have to take my time because this entire process will be a life time and that re-learning
  is already tough to begin with so don't make it even more difficult.  Passing the 4th assessment
  meant that I was able to move forward onto the final section of the curriculum.

-Began learning an immense amount of React

-Learned about Props and State and how to differentiate the two

-Learned how to build Components

-Learned another mass amount of Redux

-Learned the usage of Webpacks, Babel and JSX

-Learned about React CRUD(it seems each stack has its own version of crud and rest)
